Mm...
Huh!
[Emi gasps]
I'm late!
[RIKA] Are you even
listening to me? Emi!
Uh... Huh?
What's up?
I found a ramen place
that looks pretty bomb.
You wanna do lunch?
Heck, yeah, I do!
It's been too long.
-[cell phone vibrates]
-Uh...
One second.
Hey. How are you?
[CHIHO]
Super great, Miss Yusa!
I'm getting really excited
for dinner tomorrow night!
I look forward to it, too.
If you wouldn't mind, could you
get me a few ingredients?
What could you possibly be
doing with that many eggs?
I thought
I'd try making a "quiche."
Miss Sasaki tells me
it's a thrifty delicacy.
Next time,
pinch pennies on your own, man.
That sounds great!
The kiddo and I both love eggs,
don't we?
Mama?
Can we go see Dada now?
[doorknob rattles]
-How weird.
-[knocking on door]
Hey, Maou! Have you gone all
shut-in freak on us, or what?
Uh, hello?
You alive in there?
Should we be worried?
Ah!
[Emi grunts]
There you are.
You really freaked me out.
You're supposed to answer
when people knock, y'know?
Or get ritzy,
and invest in a doorbell.
In other news,
our friends disappeared.
So, I'm pretty glad
to see your ugly mug.
Once they're back,
we should all
get together for a dinner.
[gasps]
[panting]
Just a dream.
Why do I always want
whatever I can't have?
Guess we should go.
Wait, but, what comes next?
All that's left
for us to do now
is try our best to be patient.
I have faith in our friends.
Mister Maou and Miss Suzuno
are going to keep everyone safe
and bring them home soon.
They said they would.
[Maou groans]
As soon as I get here,
I'm building crap.
-[SUZUNO] Complaining
won't help. -Huh?
Having fun in there?
[SUZUNO] Come now?
[MAOU] It's a little early
for beddy-bye, don't you think?
I won't be judged
by the likes of you.
In order to stay combat ready
I must get used
to movement in this.
I introduce you
to the Tucked-in Twinsies!
[MAOU]
Wow, real mature.
Just couldn't wait to try out
your sleeping bags, could you?
-Mm-hm.
-No!
That's not true!
I'm simply training!
-[SUZUNO] Ahh!
-[TSUBASA] Maou. It fell down.
[SUZUNO] Incredible,
now you've derailed everything!
[MAOU] Yeah, yeah.
Give me a minute to fix it.
Change behind a tree
or something.
Hm. Huh!
Before you go,
put on some bug spray!
I don't need your guidance!
Hey, Twinsie. Help me out.
'Kay!
[MAOU]
Here's a question.
When did you and Nord
get to Japan
in the first place?
Ah.
According to my calculations
I've only been alive
for about a year, so...
[MAOU]
For real? Just one?
Yup!
I've been living with my dad
ever since
I was a whole zero years old
and I've got no idea
what went on before that!
[MAOU]
A year, though.
It's weird
you got a human form
before Alas Ramus
if you're the younger sister.
-Huh?
-From where I'm sitting
it seems like Nord's
been in Japan for a while.
My brain hurts.
[SUZUNO]
Why's that?
Things are so confusing.
We'll need a big family meeting
to make sense of it all.
Huh! Hey, be careful!
You scared me!
[SUZUNO] You're at fault
for not watching your back.
What's wrong now?
Readying new complaints
about my wardrobe?
Nah. It is a pretty
intense look, though.
Those are church vestments,
right?
I want to blend
in the masses.
These will prevent suspicion
when we pass through towns.
Why are you looking at me
like that?
[MAOU] I've only ever
seen you wear a kimono
so this is a lot to take in.
Kimono are cool and all,
but you should give
Western clothes a shot.
[SUZUNO]
Huh?
You pull off
those vestments well.
You don't say.
Hm? Why'd ya get all weird?
[SUZUNO]
I did not get "weird."
But since my choice
of earthly apparel
has been called into question,
I prefer kimono
because they resemble
these church robes,
in weight and length.
[MAOU] Huh?
Hm... So, you believe
this garb suits me?
Yeah, it does for sure!
Also, I know
I don't rock a kimono.
But Western clothes
are way more cost-effective.
Think about it!
You chuck 'em in the wash!
-[sighs] There we go!
-[Suzuno grunts]
Uh, what's the problem now?
They're easy to clean,
and I think
they would look good on you!
I shall not be swayed again!
[grunts]
This is gonna be
a long-ass field trip.
♪
Halt. Now.
Uh...
Wassup? Uh...
Guess we'll take
the scenic route.
Right.
[people cheering]
Any specific reason
I have to wear this dumb armor?
Do you hear that sound?
The cries of hopeful masses.
This nation
is in desperate need of a hero.
Someone they can put
their faith behind
to liberate Heavensky
and the imprisoned
Emperor Unifier.
Uh...
[OLBA]
Exciting, yes?
The brave Hero Emilia's
second operation
to retake Heavensky
is about to commence.
Hm...
-[crowd cheering]
-[CITIZEN 1]It's her! The Hero!
[CITIZEN 1]
When I heard she was alive,
I could hardly believe it!
[CITIZEN 3]
She's going to save Efzahan,
and its people with it!
[CITIZEN 4] Please,
free the emperor Unifier!
Do you hear how they adore you?
You've become a symbol
for their cause.
Clinging to hope
is the only thing
of which these moronic
Phaigan citizens are capable.
In fact, that's
something they share
with fools of the Malebranche.
Who so firmly believed
they could avenge Satan.
-Hold on. Have you..
-[Olba chuckles]
Speaking of our friends
the demons,
you and I are about to hunt
down the fearsome few
who have been
eating away at Efzahan.
[MAOU]
Huh! But I don't wanna!
[SUZUNO]
We have no choice.
The closer
we get to the capital
the more likely
we are to be found out.
Their journey must end here.
I was just starting
to master the art
of driving Turbo-Powered
Dullahan the Third!
I'm glad
you're enjoying your scooter,
but taking it any farther
could mean
death for Emilia
and the others.
[groans]
Now seems like
an appropriate time to ask.
Why do you name your modes
of transportation "Dullahan?"
Huh?
If I'm not mistaken,
Dullahans are demons
from Earth's mythology,
correct?
[MAOU]
Yeah, you know your trivia!
Too bad we don't have
any Dullahans
in the real demon realm.
[SUZUNO] Precisely,
so why use the name?
Eh, it's not crazy deep
or anything.
But before I made it to MgR's
Ashiya and I got axed
from loads of jobs.
[SUZUNO]
Go on.
[MAOU] When everything
started to look up,
I bought a bike
to commute to the new gig.
It was a huge purchase.
And it'd suck to get
axed again without any savings.
'Twould indeed.
Wait a moment.
Sounds like you're onto it,
but it's always been
a good luck thing.
'Cause Dullahans
are headless demons, yeah?
Well, if there's no head
to chop off,
it can't get the axe.
That is ridiculous.
Hey, watch it!
You brought it up, not me!
[Suzuno giggles]
I'd almost prefer you named it
after a supernatural beast
in a sad attempt to transplant
your Demon King life.
[MAOU] Please, I'm way
less pathetic than that!
[Suzuno giggles]
Your reasoning
is hilariously human!
I'm so done with you!
I don't play with bullies.
[scoffs]
So, Maou. Tell me.
Why did your kind
come to Ente Isla?
Huh?
I was always
under the impression
your goal was to rule
the five continents.
Ruling and destroying
are not the same.
Think of Efzahan.
Alciel ruled it brilliantly.
Good Chiho
is scarily perceptive at times.
Well, that,
and she didn't come into this
with any harsh preconceptions
about you.
She quickly picked up
that you were a leader
who wanted the best
for their people.
Sure. But it's no secret
that I'm a king.
What's your point here?
-Hm.
-What the hell are you doing?
You can confess.
As a clergy member,
I can't disclose your secrets.
And sitting like this,
you can't gauge my reactions.
No matter
what you confide in me
I will not hold it against you.
So, what was your goal?
Why did you invade Ente Isla?
[MAOU]
When I was a little kid,
the demon realm
was a shitty-ass place
governed by violence
and violence alone.
I put together an army
because I wanted
to change that.
Thanks to demons
like Camio and Alciel
we were able to craft
a new nation
that was more advanced
than any before it.
Demons didn't have to die
just because they were weak.
But for all that good,
I made one big mistake.
- Which was?
- I failed to take into account
that demons get magic,
the energy
that they need to survive,
from emotions
like fear and despair.
My unification
brought order and peace.
So, fear and despair lessened.
And slowly disappeared.
As a result, our magical
reserves began to decline.
In hindsight,
it was inevitable.
I had cut off their source.
If I didn't do something fast,
they would've all starved
because of me.
So, attacking Ente Isla
was your last option.
We plundered and colonized,
all to restore a resource that
I had senselessly depleted.
Pretty standard motivation
for a war, huh?
[SUZUNO] Indeed.
[MAOU] Wiping you guys out
wouldn't solve our problem.
I figured the best solution
would be to rule mankind
with a decent amount of fear.
I gave strict orders.
Show no mercy,
but always accept a surrender.
You know the story from there.
Emi freed one continent
after the next.
And I ran away
and ended up in Japan.
Once we invaded Ente Isla,
I researched constantly.
How could humans
create civilizations
without killing each other?
While I was here, I never
understood the difference
between you guys and us.
But three days in Japan,
and I knew exactly what it was.
[SUZUNO] Well?
[MAOU] You eat food,
and we don't. That's it.
Demons can survive
on magic alone.
But humans can't.
No food, and they're toast.
It drives the entire economy.
It's no wonder the structures
of their societies
are so different.
I had to find a whole new world
to realize that simple fact.
They believed in me.
And because of my ignorance
I led them to their deaths.
So, you were in a corner.
It was the human world
versus the lives
of the subjects that you vowed
to protect at any cost.
[SUZUNO] That was your duty
as their king.
What torments you now?
What sin keeps you awake?
I betrayed them.
My subjects trusted me,
and I killed them.
All that to say,
I took the wrong path.
How will you go forth?
How will you repent
for your misgivings?
Be king. And do
everything I can for them,
until the day my time is up.
A good answer.
You wish to become a king
who rules demons
and humans alike,
don't you?
[MAOU] No reason holding back
in a confession, I suppose.
Speaking of which, would
your God be willing to forgive
the sins of a demon?
The demon king's sins
are considered
most unforgivable.
By conventional wisdom.
Well, that's lame!
Are we just killing time
with my trauma then?
No. Now I can forgive you.
You mean that?
[SUZUNO]
Satan, king of demons.
I have heard
your humble confession.
I have listened to your woes,
and know that your words
of remorse come from the heart
therefore,
I absolve you of your sins
in the name of Crestia Bel.
Regardless of whether God
or anyone else in this world
would refuse to do so.
Mm, I think that this Ente Isla
air is getting to you.
Hm.
Yes, perhaps it is.
[clamoring]
[groans]
[soldiers yelling]
-[MALE SOLDIER] Report!
-Hm?
A battle is in progress
on the front lines
between the
Inlaid Crimson Scarves
and an unknown enemy leader!
Understood. I'll join them.
-[OLBA] That's unnecessary.
-Huh?
But I can end this,
here and now!
Need I remind you,
you're the
commander-in-chief
of this army?
You can no longer
have the privilege
of acting so rashly.
Hm.
Then I'll use my new position
to declare this.
We're going to invite
the Malebranche to surrender
before there's any more
needless loss of life
out there!
Our objective is supposed
to be freeing cities,
not senselessly
massacring the enemy.
Are you suggesting for
a moment
that we should allow
that demon scum to live?
Well, I just..
[MALE SOLDIER] Idea link
from the front lines!
-Hm?
-Huh?
After a battle
with their leader,
they've been routed!
Finally,
Gwenvan City is free!
-[all exclaiming]
-[MALE OFFICER] Incredible!
[gasp]
[GABRIEL] Well, Ashiya!
Oops. I mean, well,
Demon General Alciel.
What's it like to be back
in Heavensky?
It's sickening.
Now, explain.
What role are you trying
to foist upon me?
Don't worry!
Your new job's gonna be
a walk in the park, friendo.
Just sit back, relax,
and kick it on that throne.
The rest of it
will take care of itself.
I see now.
You brought me here so you
can say, "Alciel has returned."
[GABRIEL]
What...?
Of course,
I'd be your first choice.
I'm the only general
that remains undefeated.
Our old players
have all returned.
And the angels want Emilia
to defeat the demon army
on some grand stage.
Correctomundo!
And here I thought
you were just a cheapskate
that digs around for the big
eggs at the grocery store.
Ah! You pest!
How dare you spy on me
at my most vulnerable hour!
Ah, you're no fun.
Heaven's surely driving this.
No doubt your people cajoled
Olba and the demons.
What is it you're after?
[sighs]
Saving Heaven is the name
of the game these days.
-Excuse me?
-Hey.
I'm only gonna ask you
for one tiny, little thing.
When Emilia shows up,
keep fighting for as long
as you can hold out.
[EMI]
One less demon.
One less enemy of mankind
in the world, right?
He was the enemy.
Always has been.
It's us, or them.
So why is this so hard?
Mama?
[sobbing]
[birds chirping]
Huh... [gasps]
Wha...?
[whispering] Stay quiet.
Somebody found our camp.
Mm...
A foe?
As much as a friend
would be my preference,
I'm thinking you're right.
[ALBERT]
I know this one.
I believe
it's called a scooter.
[both gasp]
You aren't as quiet
as you think.
Is it the Devil? Alciel?
Lucifer, or the Sasaki girl?
Or could it be Crestia Bel?
[gasps]
Well, would ya listen to that.
It's no enemy.
I assume this meeting
isn't a coincidence.
Is it now, Albert Ende?
No. What is that?
New species of demon?
Take that back at once, wretch!
[Barbariccia grunts]
Where'd that coward Olba go?
He must be to blame!
See? I knew we should have
followed His Majesty's orders.
That hardly helps now!
Hm?
[BARBARICCIA] General Alciel!
I need someone
to catch me up to speed.
There have been rumors
going around about
people in church robes
roaming the forest
on rather curious wagons.
A lucky break.
Guess that means we weren't
as sneaky as we thought.
[ALBERT]
You were fine.
There are millions of rumors
floating around
Efzahan right now.
Yours isn't very popular,
I just had a hunch.
Let me guess.
Here to rescue Emilia?
[SUZUNO]
Indeed, we are.
Are you privy to good
Emerada's whereabouts?
I tried sending an idea link,
but heard nothing.
I'm quite concerned.
Should be.
She was supposed to meet
with Emilia a while back.
But then, she got a summons
from Saint Aire's capital.
[SUZUNO] Huh?
[ALBERT] Must've been a move
by the church.
They branded Emerada an
apostate who defied their will.
All in attempt to cover up
Olba's crimes.
Word is, she has to appear
before the Inquisition.
So, they've gone over my head.
[ALBERT]
Her position is quite valuable.
It secures Emilia's safety
as well as my own.
I took a trip
to Emilia's village.
No one was there.
I tried to check on Emerada,
but they wouldn't let me in.
They said it's to prevent her
from any wrongdoing
during the trial.
That must be why she didn't
respond to my idea links.
If she had been caught
trying to contact you,
you would be
in a world of trouble.
Hm. C'mon, Albert.
Join forces with us.
Rescuing Emi won't be enough
to settle this.
[ASHIYA]
Understood.
So, in less flattering words,
you let Olba and some Heavenly
vermin pull one over on you.
And you failed to take
the Devil's Castle.
It seems all you have done
is sacrifice
demon lives in vain.
Does that sound correct?
Yes, sir,
and I make no excuse.
-What you must understand is...
-Silence, you imbecile!
-And accept your mistake!
-[both gasp]
I, for one, will not
fault you for raising an army.
But why, when you were
given specific orders
from His Majesty, did you
buffoons choose to ignore them?
King Satan gave you
clear instruction
to return to the demon realm.
I'm ashamed of myself, sir.
Truly.
But if we would've gotten our
hands on the sacred sword,
none of this
would have happened!
The sacred sword?
If you mean
Emilia's Better Half,
it is a holy being born
of the sephirah called Yesod.
As demons,
we have no celestial force.
-Therefore, it would
be powerless in our.. -No.
Now, excuse me, General,
but you're wrong.
That's not the case.
[ASHIYA]
Pardon?
When he was on Earth, you saw
Farfa utilize
that boy Erone, didn't you?
That proves my point.
A sephirah's power
is not restricted
to only humans and angels.
Is that a...
Huh!
As you see, it responds
strongly to our magic as well.
But that means,
the sephiroth. The sword.
Not one of them is holy!
[gasps]
I came here with someone.
Where is the man
known as Nord Justina?
We were given orders
to lock him away
in a room in Heavensky.
You saw him? Was he armed
with a sacred sword?
-Mm...
-No, he was not, sir.
Hm. While I still don't see
his objective,
I'm starting to piece
together Gabriel's puzzle.
-[BARBARICCIA] Sir?
-How pathetic.
A great demon general,
being forced to dance
to that lunatic's tune.
I've waited two thousand years.
You better bust a move,
if we want the new
Great Devil born.
This may well be the last
chance we've got.
What do you say?
Let's mess with their plans
like those jerks
messed with our friends!
Give 'em a good spankin'!
All that sounds like
a pretty good time.
But first, is that
the little girl
who fused with Emilia's sword?
[MAOU] Actually, no.
Alas Ramus is still with Emi.
They're pretty similar, though.
She's got her own sacred
sword thing going on.
You can see for yourself.
Acieth, go back to sword form.
Uh... Okie-dokie.
But it might not
go the best-est, 'cause I kinda
don't feel super great.
I'm sorry.
It's whatever,
I'll give it a shot anyway!
[chiming]
[grunts]
Huh?
Can't say this is what
I expected from a sacred sword.
Is something the matter
in there, Acieth?
[TSUBASA]
Yeah, kinda.
It feels like he's refusing
to let me use my power.
Hold on, who's he?
[TSUBASA]
You, stupid goose.
What the hell do you mean me?
I'm the one who told you to go
sword mode, so why...
[grunts]
Crap.
-Hm?
[Maou retching]
I don't know what's going on,
but this means using the sword
is off the table, right?
Unfortunately, I think so.
Something isn't
sitting right with me.
Huh?
Agh, I don't understand
why everything
is going haywire now!
It's been smooth sailing
up until this B.S.!
Maou.
Don't you find this odd?
Find what odd?
That we're back in Ente Isla.
And you've yet to return
to your demon form.